%runfile C:/Users/surya/Downloads/LLM_SUM/main.py --wdir
Reloaded modules: data_loader, model, evaluator, pipeline
Using device: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1650 Ti
2025-04-15 12:38:27,168 [INFO] Using default tokenizer.
Your max_length is set to 60, but your input_length is only 31. Since this is a summarization task, where outputs shorter than the input are typically wanted, you might consider decreasing max_length manually, e.g. summarizer('...', max_length=15)
Your max_length is set to 60, but your input_length is only 38. Since this is a summarization task, where outputs shorter than the input are typically wanted, you might consider decreasing max_length manually, e.g. summarizer('...', max_length=19)
Your max_length is set to 60, but your input_length is only 50. Since this is a summarization task, where outputs shorter than the input are typically wanted, you might consider decreasing max_length manually, e.g. summarizer('...', max_length=25)

Sample 1:
Dialogue: Amanda: I baked  cookies. Do you want some?
Jerry: Sure!
Amanda: I'll bring you tomorrow :-)
Reference: Amanda baked cookies and will bring Jerry some tomorrow.
Generated: Amanda baked cookies and will bring them to Jerry tomorrow.
Scores:
  rouge1: 0.84
  rougeL: 0.84

Sample 2:
Dialogue: Olivia: Who are you voting for in this election? 
Oliver: Liberals as always.
Olivia: Me too!!
Oliver: Great
Reference: Olivia and Olivier are voting for liberals in this election. 
Generated: Olivia and Oliver are voting for Liberals in this election.
Scores:
  rouge1: 0.90
  rougeL: 0.90

Sample 3:
Dialogue: Tim: Hi, what's up?
Kim: Bad mood tbh, I was going to do lots of stuff but ended up procrastinating
Tim: What did you plan on doing?
Kim: Oh you know, uni stuff and unfucking my room
Kim: Maybe tomorrow I'll move my ass and do everything
Kim: We were going to defrost a fridge so instead of shopping I'll eat some defrosted veggies
Tim: For doing stuff I recommend Pomodoro technique where u use breaks for doing chores
Tim: It really helps
Kim: thanks, maybe I'll do that
Tim: I also like using post-its in kaban style
Reference: Kim may try the pomodoro technique recommended by Tim to get more stuff done.
Generated: Kim is in a bad mood. She was going to do a lot of stuff but she procrastinated. Tim recommends Pomodoro technique where you use breaks for doing chores.
Scores:
  rouge1: 0.33
  rougeL: 0.14

Sample 4:
Dialogue: Edward: Rachel, I think I'm in ove with Bella..
rachel: Dont say anything else..
Edward: What do you mean??
rachel: Open your fu**ing door.. I'm outside
Reference: Edward thinks he is in love with Bella. Rachel wants Edward to open his door. Rachel is outside. 
Generated: Edward thinks he's in love with Bella. Rachel is outside and she's waiting for him.
Scores:
  rouge1: 0.57
  rougeL: 0.57

Sample 5:
Dialogue: Sam: hey  overheard rick say something
Sam: i don't know what to do :-/
Naomi: what did he say??
Sam: he was talking on the phone with someone
Sam: i don't know who
Sam: and he was telling them that he wasn't very happy here
Naomi: damn!!!
Sam: he was saying he doesn't like being my roommate
Naomi: wow, how do you feel about it?
Sam: i thought i was a good rommate
Sam: and that we have a nice place
Naomi: that's true man!!!
Naomi: i used to love living with you before i moved in with me boyfriend
Naomi: i don't know why he's saying that
Sam: what should i do???
Naomi: honestly if it's bothering you that much you should talk to him
Naomi: see what's going on
Sam: i don't want to get in any kind of confrontation though
Sam: maybe i'll just let it go
Sam: and see how it goes in the future
Naomi: it's your choice sam
Naomi: if i were you i would just talk to him and clear the air
Reference: Sam is confused, because he overheard Rick complaining about him as a roommate. Naomi thinks Sam should talk to Rick. Sam is not sure what to do.
Generated: Sam overheard Rick saying that he doesn't like being Sam's roommate. Naomi used to live with Sam before she moved in with her boyfriend. 
Scores:
  rouge1: 0.34
  rougeL: 0.26